lw6-finale (#10967)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/database/vault.mdx

import Layout from '~/layouts/DefaultGuideLayout'

export const meta = {

>   id: 'vault',
>   title: 'Vault',
>   description: 'Secrets Management and Data Encryption.',
>   sidebar_label: 'Overview',
> }
> 
> Supabase Vault provides two important pieces of functionality:
> 
> - Secret Management: A pre-configured table where you can store secrets securely by encrypting them when they are written to disk.
> - Data Encryption: protect your sensitive data by using encryption on your own data columns in a flexible way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  title: 'Vault',
  description: 'Secrets Management and Data Encryption.',
}

Supabase Vault provides two important pieces of functionality:

- Secret Management: A pre-configured table where you can store secrets securely by encrypting them when they are written to disk.
- Data Encryption: protect your sensitive data by using encryption on your own data columns in a flexible way.

export const Page = ({ children }) => <Layout meta={meta} children={children} />

export default Page
```
